add pages for live agent handoff (#177)
botpress/documentation: pages/cloud/agent-handoff/zendesk.mdx

# Zendesk Agent Handoff (Beta)

Turn Botpress chats into Zendesk tickets, with a handy link added to the conversation notes. Zendesk agents can communicate directly through Botpress chats, like Whatsapp or any other supported Botpress Channel.

## Getting Started

In this guide, we will demonstrate how to establish Zendesk integration in order to facilitate live-bot interactions.

<iframe
  data-youtube-iframe
  width="720"
  height="360"
  src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/KR87xwsh33Y?si=KIv2yuNFwZxHtJzE"
  title="YouTube video player"
  frameborder="0"
  allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share"
  allowfullscreen
></iframe>

### Step 1: Add Zendesk Integration 

Firstly, locate your bot's dashboard and click on the integrations tab. Use the search bar to find and select the Zendesk Integration. Once found, install this onto your bot.

### Step 2: Setting up Zendesk Integration

Switch to the Zendesk admin center, and find the Zendesk API menu. Ensure you have both password and token access enabled.

You will then need to create a distinct API token. Copy this for later use.

> Return to your bot's dashboard. Here you will need to input your organizational subdomain (for this instance, we will use 'botpresst'), your consistent Zendesk account email, and the copied API token. Ensure to save this configuration and activate the newly installed integration.

Reviewer: Is it needed to mention `botpresst` as example subdomain? Might be confusing because of the `t` at the end.

### Step 3: User Info Accumulation

The bot will need the user's name and their email. This data will be saved to user variables.

> Create a 'user.name' and a 'user.email' variable. Confirmation of the information will be done using simple capture cards.

Reviewer: We may want to clarify here where exactly this needs to be done and how. Also, if it's to be done in the Studio are dots supported in variable names?

### Step 4: Enabling HITL Agent

> From the agent's menu in the bot, enable HITL Agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the "Agents" menu of the bot in Botpress Studio, click on the "HITL Agent" option, and then turn on the "Enable Agent" option.
```

> This menu will allow you to configure options such as choosing Zendesk as the desired integration. Also, you have the capability to design an 'end_conversation' intent that permits the user to opt out of speaking to a live agent.

Reviewer: We may want to clarify how exactly this `end_conversation` intent can be implemented?

Most settings are default, you may choose to modify them to your preference.

### Step 5: Activating HITL

> In a new node, insert a Start HITL card which triggers the bot into initiating a live agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a new node to your bot in Botpress Studio and then insert a "Start HITL" card, which will trigger the bot into initiating a live agent.
```

# Zendesk Agent Handoff (Beta)

> Turn Botpress chats into Zendesk tickets, with a handy link added to the conversation notes. Zendesk agents can communicate directly through Botpress chats, like Whatsapp or any other supported Botpress Channel.

Reviewer: If I understood correctly and this paragraph is mean to indicate that the Zendesk agents can chat with the user directly through Zendesk no matter what channel the user is communicating through, then here's some suggestions for making this clearly:

```suggestion
Turn Botpress chats into Zendesk tickets, with a handy link added to the conversation notes. A Zendesk agent can communicate directly with the user on the same conversation initially handled by the bot on any channels supported by Botpress (e.g. web chat, Whatsapp, Messenger, etc.)
```

## Getting Access

> The Zendesk Integration for human handoff is currently in beta.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Zendesk integration for human handoff is currently in beta.
```

Contact our sales team for early access. Just click [here](https://botpress.com/contact-us/?s=docs) to ask for access.

## Getting Started

> In this guide, we will demonstrate how to establish Zendesk integration in order to facilitate live-bot interactions.

Reviewer: suggestion, feel free to ignore if it doesn't make sense

```suggestion
In this guide, we will demonstrate how to set up the Zendesk integration to facilitate live interactions through the bot.
```
